Add missing meta descriptions (#180)
mongodb/docs-rust: source/usage-examples/updateMany.txt

Update Multiple Documents
=========================

.. meta::

>    :description: Update multiple documents in a Rust MongoDB collection using the `update_many()` method with specified query filters and update documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Update multiple documents in a collection with the MongoDB Rust Driver.
```
